Added section for note about rp2040_boot2 (#62)
rp-rs/rp2040-project-template: README.md

</details>

</details>
<!-- Notes on using rp2040_hal and rp2040_boot2 -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block" id="notes-on-using-rp2040_boot2">Notes on using rp2040_boot2</h2></summary>

>   When rp2040_boot2 is used instead of rp-pico the bootloader
>   must be written to the .boot2 sector. This can be done by adding the

Reviewer: I would suggest a small change to that sentence:
```suggestion
  The second-stage boot loader must be written to the .boot2 section. That
  is usually handled by the board support package (e.g.`rp-pico`). If you don't use
  one, you should initialize the boot loader manually. This can be done by adding the
```

Author: This is a great suggestion, making it clear why it is needed.
